hello everyone snuff right through here
roamed you from night let's plate is
this turbo racers are like toy box turbo
fire box turbos this is uh not
necessarily not necessarily like a
full-blown series or anything but just
something fun that we I figured we would
play as a as a family I guess shoes why
don't you change your vehicles oh I'm
ready I'm gonna be the happy utter how
do i unready the happy Oh UN ready honey
I don't know thank you I think you
jumped the gun and chose this is
healthination I have to stay ahead to
win you see all those points that's how
many points you start with for every
time you fall behind you lose a point if
you win you can't a point
got what how God Oh Oh
are we supposed to be in this I'm I'm
not even winning you guys do WASD honey
I am doing whg and okay your guys's
oh it's a few wins are you serious
do we really just let Pixies on that one
thank you
mine's will be spectating your guys's
hey you just oh what do you mean you're
only spectating only spectator like I'm
driving but I'm only expecting your guys
it's cuz you got eliminated already
honey you got to stay in front of the
pack with all of us you fall behind you
lose
yep see so now it's between daddy and
Tyler come on what's the heck how do you
use items I don't know how to use a
space bar what the heck I just
remembered
oh what the I got eliminated already ya
scrub dang it I heard a cow is that your
mother
lose them all Oh who's the tractor Oh
how did you get a plus two on that one
guys don't leave me either get out of
here taxi stop it Oh No
get me in the pocket
what's the Oh I knocked you back in the
pocket that was great I guess don't you
get yo I got stuck on the little corner
oh yeah Sharon Scottsville Briana you're
not doing too hot
whoa whoa whoa whoa get out of here nice
space bar honey space bar is your
we see said it already pretty yeah we
did yeah that's the thing you do that
you look for the evidence yeah oh what
the heck is that
get out of here with that freaking
hammer dude put that thing away
get off is it just me and you again yeah
why do you still have the hammer oh
yeah are you not my real mom ah yo you
knocked like my wheels off I totally
didn't just wait for you
Wow yes press enter honey I don't know
are you serious are you doing like a
victory lap now job that was funny
ha this K this game is awesome that's it
alright so that one what map was that
one I don't know what that one was I
think that was like the pool table yeah
it was the pool team alright so now
we're going to do the kitchen sink okay
alright vehicle category we have public
transportation off-road construction
service vehicles streetcars emergency
racecars will do public transportation
no I wanna be I wanna be I wanna be the
utter all right hit enter the ready up
okay boom taxicab o-m-g I'm gonna be the
double-decker nobody else is allowed to
be the double-decker I'll do it all
right I'm gonna be the double-decker
they said that shimmer said the fancy
seat I'll be doing a shoot I'll be the
short bus
sounds about right yeah she assured
Tyler is the short bus ride and window
liquor my view that's crayon eating
short bus ride windows
get out of here Tyler
get off my sponges in my just my going
oh I'm going are you serious I almost
had that
don't you dare push me get out of here I
don't know erotic over a bit tiffy yeah
would you quit Oh what is that
oh no I'm upside down okay I got this I
got this
oh yeah never no yes hey that's a good
story I'm gonna win this again yeah
that's a good get out of here
No oh I'll take the lead so what the
heck that's all right whoa I'm sinking
Oh
Tyler won by default I fell I'm so good
why do you push me here each time Oh No
please what the heck I just threw on the
screen yeah I was gone
oh yeah like it was like doing flips in
the air into the sea that was unwise or
a bomb right in front of my truck
are you serious somebody put a bomb
right oh oh oh
Tyler drove on edge don't you dare let
oh there you go oh my god I thought you
barely okay
you barely won that you got stuck oh man
Brianna it's me and Brian cars too small
oh my gosh get out of here yeah she
can't control her cars the handle is too
fast in the water and I choked Oh Tyler
oh she just crushed the buzz oh my gosh
it's even yeah here getting over my
goodness Oh without a magnet oh I got
this oh I had a hammer - oh he won again
oh wow he didn't I can't guys gotta let
us know down in the comments below if
you guys want to see more of this game
yeah definitely so hope you guys enjoyed
the first episode they will wave washed
turbos and let us know like she said in
the comments below if you guys are
interested in seeing more of this series
because if you guys are we'll definitely
put some more out there so thank you
guys for watching and we'll see you guys
next time
I haven't got my thigh